# Hackney CDA2 data notes, Tuesday 20150922, stowler

_Includes 4 h overtime: 6:30p-10:30p_

Contents
=================

  * [FAILED: Backup to hippoback](#failed-backup-to-hippoback)
  * [Second attempt at backup to hippoback](#second-attempt-at-backup-to-hippoback)
  * [FIX for taskFT: melodicFixWhII_Standard-gnuParallel10.ica](#fix-for-taskft-melodicfixwhii_standard-gnuparallel10ica)
  * [Parse Krish's group analysis suggestions for October](#parse-krishs-group-analysis-suggestions-for-october)
  * [optiBET: inspection of output](#optibet-inspection-of-output)

# FAILED: Backup to hippoback

Attempt to rsync JN and MH's current data from pano to hipppoback give error message after six hours:

```bash
[09:58:45]-[stowler-local]-at-[pano]-in-[/data/panolocal]
$ rsync -vr --progress processedOnPano-* stowler-local@hippoback.birc.emory.edu:/data/backup/Atlanta/stowlerWIP/sharedReadOnly/
#...snip...
sent 345,588,133,372 bytes  received 1,336,605,480 bytes  15,680,568.55 bytes/sec
total size is 787,988,688,899  speedup is 2.27
rsync error: some files/attrs were not transferred (see previous errors) (code 23) at main.c(1183) [sender=3.1.0]

[16:07:37]-[stowler-local]-at-[pano]-in-[/data/panolocal]
$
```

# Second attempt at backup to hippoback

```bash
[22:09:02]-[stowler-local]-at-[pano]-in-[/data/panolocal]
$ rsync -vr processedOnPano-hackney stowler-local@hippoback.birc.emory.edu:/data/backup/Atlanta/stowlerWIP/sharedReadOnly/
#...snip...
sent 60,779,993,086 bytes  received 1,815,367,074 bytes  4,865,365.52 bytes/sec
total size is 628,554,949,703  speedup is 10.04

[01:43:40]-[stowler-local]-at-[pano]-in-[/data/panolocal]
$
```


# FIX for taskFT: melodicFixWhII_Standard-gnuParallel10.ica

Completed in about 6.5 h: a batch of alternative FIX parameters for taskFT. Launched while the above rsync was still running, but had completed transfer of the processedOnPano-hackney directory.

```bash
[15:00:50]-[stowler-local]-at-[pano]-in-[~/src.mywork.gitRepos/proj.mh.cda2] on master
$ ./08.2.fix-taskFT-parallelRuns.sh

###################################################################
Launching parallel executions of 08.1.fix-singleRun.sh

parallelFixRuns    : 10
fixWeightsFile     : /opt/fix/training_files/WhII_Standard.RData
fixThresh          : 20
executionSuffix    : gnuParallel10
###################################################################

#...snip...

[21:36:27]-[stowler-local]-at-[pano]-in-[~/src.mywork.gitRepos/proj.mh.cda2] on master
```

# Parse Krish's group analysis suggestions for October

(Madeleine and I will discuss in person tmw.)

Madeleine emailed me notes after her meeting with Bruce and Krish. I read her email to mean that her October mentor meeting will not cover her planned HTs from January 2015, but instead will need nine whole-brain voxelwise tests:

Three whole-brain voxelwise tests:
1. effect of EG stimulus timing
2. effect of IG stimulus timing
3. two-tailed contrast of IG-vs-EG stimulus timing

...for each of these three groups of sessions:
1. pre-treatment right-leg sessions from healthy older adult participants
2. pre-treatment right-leg sessions from target participants
3. pre-treatment left-leg  sessions from target participants




My in-line replies to her email, for her to confirm during our meeting tmw:

- I don't see anything below that asks for analysis of overall model (F-stat/rsq), but instead only effect of individual regressors.

- I don't see anything below requesting analysis of post-Tx scans.

- I don't see anything below separating your PDs into leaders, followers, and educational controls.

- I don't see anything about ROIs below, so I'm understanding that we don't need to be prepared to localize to ROI for Oct 9

- no between-group comparisons for Oct mtg

- t-stats/F-stats/coefficients are what make up the activation maps and hot spots described above. Did you maybe mean per-ROI summary t-stats?

-  "baseline" as in within-run rest, not "baseline" as in pre, right?

- These are written below as two-sided tests, which conflicts with some of your original hypotheses' one-sided setup.



# optiBET: inspection of output

Detailed inspection of omt001s01 through omt103s01 optiBET output. Almost every session has significant problems with missing ctx. Some have attached non-brain.

[Screenshot](https://github.com/CVNRneuroimaging/proj.mh.cda2/blob/master/notes/screenshots/20150922-inspection-optiBET.png) of inspection results.
