# Hackney CDA2 data notes, Saturday 20150926, stowler

_Includes 4 h overtime: 2:00p - 6:00p._

_Note for VA timekeeping audits: please see notes at top of the first secion ("constructed session list...")._

Contents
=================

  * [constructed session list: TGT right leg pre-treatment](#constructed-session-list-tgt-right-leg-pre-treatment)
  * [wrote function to check for completeness of a group of sessions](#wrote-function-to-check-for-completeness-of-a-group-of-sessions)
  * [moved T1 anatomic centers-of-gravity to github](#moved-t1-anatomic-centers-of-gravity-to-github)
  * [began porting wrapper script for single-session processing](#began-porting-wrapper-script-for-single-session-processing)

# constructed session list: TGT right leg pre-treatment

_Note for VA timekeeping audits: this work didn’t produce new image files. Work during this OT task was captured in the notes below, the script 00.projectEnvironment.sh (linked below), and a related email discussion with Madeleine 4:03p - ???, (subject: “sessions list: target participants with left leg task”)._

Cross-checked my QC notes, Hackney meeting notes, and Hackney spreadsheets to produce a list of sessions to be included in the 2015oct group analysis of target participants' right leg pre-treatment sessions:

List is captured for scripting in [`00.projectEnvironment.sh`](https://github.com/CVNRneuroimaging/proj.mh.cda2/blob/master/00.projectEnvironment.sh).

Emailed to Madeleine for confirmation:

>Hi Madeleine (cc: Aaron),
>
>By my count it looks like n=23 for group analysis of your target participants pre-treatment left leg sessions. Would you mind double-checkig my script output below to make sure it matches your records? Thanks! Stephen
>
>omt106s01
>omt113s01
>omt114s01
>omt116s01
>omt119s01
>omt201s01
>omt204s01
>omt205s01
>omt211s01
>omt214s01
>omt215s01
>omt219s01
>omt222s01
>omt223s01
>omt225s01
>omt301s01
>omt302s01
>omt304s01
>omt305s01
>omt308s01
>omt310s01
>omt311s01
>omt315s01



# wrote function to check for completeness of a group of sessions

_Manually_ checking a session or a group of sessions for file/directory completeness is time-consuming and error-prone, so I wrote function `fxnCheckSessions()` in  [`00.projectEnvironment.sh`](https://github.com/CVNRneuroimaging/proj.mh.cda2/blob/master/00.projectEnvironment.sh). Its primary purpose is to output a list of missing files or directories for the sessions in the received sessionList. (Adapted fxn from the one I wrote for Joe on the 25th)



# moved T1 anatomic centers-of-gravity to github

Results will be more reproducible if t1 anatomic centers-of-gravity have their changes tracked in github.

```bash
[17:09:54]-[stowler-local]-at-[pano]-in-[/data/panolocal]
$ mv tmpHackney/t1cog/*manualCOG.txt ~/src.mywork.gitRepos/proj.mh.cda2/t1anat-manualCOG/

[17:11:33]-[stowler-local]-at-[pano]-in-[/data/panolocal/processedOnPano-hackney/derivedData]
$ rm omt*/*manualCOG.txt

[17:11:58]-[stowler-local]-at-[pano]-in-[/data/panolocal/processedOnPano-hackney/derivedData]
$ for session in omt*; do ln -s ~/src.mywork.gitRepos/proj.mh.cda2/t1anat-manualCOG/${session}-manualCOG.txt ${session}/${session}-manualCOG.txt; done
```


# began porting wrapper script for single-session processing

On Wednesday I will start training Madeleine on how to reproduce my single-session processing on pano. Her project’s current scripts are written to run a single processing step (e.g., skull stripping) for entire batches of sessions. Today I began adapting a wrapper script that runs all processing steps on a single session: [`99.singleSessionAnalysis.sh`](https://github.com/CVNRneuroimaging/proj.mh.cda2/blob/master/99.singleSessionAnalysis.sh). This wrapper script and the component scripts that it calls will be Madeleine's primary training material.
 
